What can this waste do?
It actually aroused the idea of Kameda Taijun
It doesn't matter.
Here's the thing.
I've already taken a risk with Kameda Taijun
Hugged his thigh
He is now doing well in Nanjing
We only need to receive the wind seal of Yingfeng Building in the afternoon
Make good use of this waste
Bring the four families into the water
In the future, our Chen family will be able to thrive
Xiaohui
We carried your uncle behind our backs
Do business with nest people privately
If he knew, he wouldn't bother us
Takeda Taekun has looked for his uncle before
But he was rejected by his uncle
That's why he asked me to cooperate
Uncle is the Governor of Red Dust
Powerful
He doesn't want to be rich
I want but
Don't worry.
Kameda Taekun promised me
As long as I bring the four families into the water
He will join forces with the four major families to bring down his uncle
To support me
Let me take the place of my uncle, the governor of the red dust
At that time
All of Hongchen is the Lang of our Chen family
Before
I didn't expect it, I didn't expect it.
He's a street stall mom, what a fox
We only asked him for 5 million
He went back to his uncle and transferred 10 million to me
Your uncle is still my brother
I asked him for it.
He doesn't say a word to that fox
He gave 10 million
Eat inside and out
He deserved to let Kameda take him down
With this 10 million
My plan is sure
Is it getting late?
We're going to the Yin Feng Building with this trash now
OK, I see.
News from General Ye's bank
Just ten minutes ago
Someone transferred 10 million yuan to Chen Hui's bank card